Document process for GitHub roadmap (#699)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/product/product_management/index.md

### Keeping strategy up to date

Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should review and update regularly:

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each week you should work with your team to update your status and plans. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

Weekly (by Friday 19:00 UTC):

> - The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker. This document contains only OKRs at the product/engineering level, not for the orgs.
```

> - The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker. This document contains only OKRs at the product/engineering level, not for the orgs.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker. This document contains only OKRs at the product/engineering level, not individual org OKRs.
```

> - The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker. This document contains only OKRs at the product/engineering level, not individual org OKRs.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker. This document contains only OKRs at the product/engineering level, not individual org OKRs, and is updated by Product Directors (based on the updates provided by product teams).
```

### Keeping strategy up to date

> Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should update monthly:

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should review and update monthly:
```

> Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should update regularly:

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should update monthly:
```

> Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of sources of truth (that do not overlap) that they should update regularly:

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph has a top-level [strategy page](../../company/strategy/index.md) that describes at a high level where our product is headed and why. Everyone contributes to this page, and it's important to be familiar with its contents. In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of non-overlapping sources of truth that they should update regularly:
```

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

> We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update this content, which is the source of truth for goal and roadmap tracking. After updating this content, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

Author: ```suggestion
We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update your plans and status. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:
```

- The [PMM roadmap deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o3R8WUIhzzRz0x5laTwVcizOzVWrMBe5MCAz74H45Ss/edit#slide=id.gf131fe1596_2_7) (internal only) deck which contains upcoming and recently launched important customer-facing features from the OKR and roadmap tracker.
- The [Key accounts deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hw513mX3ssA9isQdGdnmrt5-BIN4TRMpjkSaodTEuw/edit#slide=id.gf03521df2b_0_0) (internal only) contains status information on key accounts.

#### Per-area strategy pages

> We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a narrative framework for prioritization, to document trade-offs between goals, and to communicate strategy outwardly. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.

Author: ```suggestion
We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a [narrative framework](https://www.mindtheproduct.com/the-importance-of-narrative/) for prioritization, to document trade-offs between goals, and to communicate strategy outwardly. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.
```

> We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a framework for each team's prioritization, to document the trade-offs between goals the teams are making, and to communicate where they are headed in the longer term not in terms of specific deliverables but in terms of strategy. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.

Author: ```suggestion
We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a narrative framework for prioritization, to document trade-offs between goals, and to communicate strategy outwardly. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.
```

#### Product data

The last thing teams should review and update monthly are the product [data files](https://github.com/sourcegraph/handbook/blob/main/data/), in particular the [features.yml](https://github.com/sourcegraph/handbook/blob/main/data/features.yml) in case the feature has reached a new maturity, delivered new code host compatibility, or otherwise updated any information displayed on the automatically generated [feature reference pages](../index.md#feature-reference).

> Part of the product data is an internal-only list of [what's supported](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/101JXaau2EPvi322AOFmNeoeuXSJqlruD8gBBsHl1fmI/edit#gid=33376279), which contains extended product information for our Sales and Support teams. This should also be manually reviewed and updated as feature capabilities evolve.

Author: ```suggestion
Part of the product data is a (internal-only) list of [what's supported](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/101JXaau2EPvi322AOFmNeoeuXSJqlruD8gBBsHl1fmI/edit#gid=33376279), which contains extended product information for our Sales and Support teams. This should also be manually reviewed and updated as feature capabilities evolve.
```

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update your plans. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

- The [PMM roadmap deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o3R8WUIhzzRz0x5laTwVcizOzVWrMBe5MCAz74H45Ss/edit#slide=id.gf131fe1596_2_7) (internal only) deck which contains upcoming and recently launched important customer-facing features from the OKR and roadmap tracker.
- The [Key accounts deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hw513mX3ssA9isQdGdnmrt5-BIN4TRMpjkSaodTEuw/edit#slide=id.gf03521df2b_0_0) (internal only) contains status information on key accounts.

#### Per-area strategy pages

> We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a [narrative framework](https://www.mindtheproduct.com/the-importance-of-narrative/) for prioritization, to document trade-offs between goals, and to communicate strategy outwardly. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.

Author: ```suggestion
We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a narrative framework for prioritization, to document trade-offs between goals, and to communicate strategy outwardly. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.
```

In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of sources of truth (that do not overlap) that they should update regularly:

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update this content, which is the source of truth for goal and roadmap tracking.

After updating this content, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

- The [PMM roadmap deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o3R8WUIhzzRz0x5laTwVcizOzVWrMBe5MCAz74H45Ss/edit#slide=id.gf131fe1596_2_7) (internal only) deck which contains upcoming and recently launched important customer-facing features from the OKR and roadmap tracker.
- The [Key accounts deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hw513mX3ssA9isQdGdnmrt5-BIN4TRMpjkSaodTEuw/edit#slide=id.gf03521df2b_0_0) (internal only) contains status information on key accounts.

#### Per-area strategy pages

> We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a framework for each team's prioritization, to document the trade-offs between goals the teams are making, and to communicate where they are headed in the longer term not in terms of specific deliverables but in terms of strategy.

Author: ```suggestion
We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a framework for each team's prioritization, to document the trade-offs between goals the teams are making, and to communicate where they are headed in the longer term not in terms of specific deliverables but in terms of strategy. Because this is a longer outlook, they tend to not change much each month but should be reviewed.
```

In addition to this shared content, each team has a set of sources of truth (that do not overlap) that they should update regularly:

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

> We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your engineering manager to update this content, which is the source of truth for goal and roadmap tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update this content, which is the source of truth for goal and roadmap tracking.
```

After updating this content, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

> - The [PMM roadmap deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o3R8WUIhzzRz0x5laTwVcizOzVWrMBe5MCAz74H45Ss/edit#slide=id.gf131fe1596_2_7) (internal only) deck which contains upcoming and recently launched important customer-facing features from the OKR and roadmap tracker.

Author: If we have the content available in an internally available source of truth now, could the task of copying it to the PMM deck for marketing purposes be done by the marketing team instead of the product managers?

Reviewer: I think there is value in the product team making sure content is up to date and correct, but it does make sense for the PMM team to own.

Author: We can leave as is for now then @christinaforney and see if we want to adjust in the future if it makes sense.

```suggestion
- The [PMM roadmap deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o3R8WUIhzzRz0x5laTwVcizOzVWrMBe5MCAz74H45Ss/edit#slide=id.gf131fe1596_2_7) (internal only) deck which contains upcoming and recently launched important customer-facing features from the OKR and roadmap tracker. In the future we may transition updating this to PMM, but for now its important product managers are involved in ensuring it is up to date and correct.
```

> - The [Key accounts deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hw513mX3ssA9isQdGdnmrt5-BIN4TRMpjkSaodTEuw/edit#slide=id.gf03521df2b_0_0) (internal only) contains status information on key accounts.

Author: Similar question - I don't think we answered who owns this. @christinaforney or @nicksnyder do you own copying the data from the GitHub dashboard into the key accounts deck on some cadence or do you expect product managers to do it when they make updates to the dashboard?

Author: Maybe another related idea, could the OKR deck and key accounts deck be combined to reduce the number places to manually copy info to?

Reviewer: I own this (with @kyfli 's help). The key accounts deck contains the 5 slides about our key customers and is updated primarily by the CEs and AEs. The OKR deck didn't contain exact copied info, but pulls up the most important info to surface and track. I think they serve different purposes. 

I think the thing that I haven't solved for yet is what information is tracked in the GitHub board as the source of truth (vs. the key accounts deck). I'll circle around with Aimee and Gregg to see if we need to make any changes. 

TLDR; I own this, and the copying burden for this shouldn't fall on the PMs

Author: Thanks @christinaforney !

```suggestion
- The [Key accounts deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hw513mX3ssA9isQdGdnmrt5-BIN4TRMpjkSaodTEuw/edit#slide=id.gf03521df2b_0_0) (internal only) contains status information on key accounts. Christina and Kylie own making this update for the product team.
```

#### Per-area strategy pages

> We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) to communicate where each of our product teams is headed beyond the near-term roadmap, for the areas of the product that they work on. Newly created teams should begin documenting the scope of their team as well as their mission, vision, principles, and more by creating one of these pages as part of the process of forming. Having a page like this will help you ensure your own framework for prioritization is clear, and can also be a resource for those outside your team who want to understand why you are working on what you are.

Author: ```suggestion
We also use [per-area strategy pages](../../company/strategy/index.md#per-area-strategy-pages) as a framework for each team's prioritization, to document the trade-offs between goals the teams are making, and to communicate where they are headed in the longer term not in terms of specific deliverables but in terms of strategy.
```

> These are updated monthly by each team, but wouldn't normally change too much each month. They are updated via a pull request, that anyone on the team can contribute to, and that can be shared with stakeholders as a summary of the change.

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

> We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update your plans. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

Author: ```suggestion
We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update your status and plans. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:
```

#### OKR and roadmap tracking

We have a [high-level OKR and roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/1) (internal only) in GitHub. Each month you should work with your team to update your status and plans. After updating, you should ensure it is reflected in the manually created slide decks which rely on this information:

> - The [OKR slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DgY3k684Jn3diCe4GPPcrGt9iaD9-vyndiiJwEoELyE/edit?usp=sharing) which contains an easy to read version of the information in the tracker.

Author: Confirmed in Slack that PMs are responsible for updating the OKR deck from the OKR tracker.
